=The Company=
=Season 1=
(Adapted from Xuan Se's novel
of the same title.)
=Episode 2=
(Yashe)
(On Duty)
(Away)
What happened?
(Yashe)
Didn't you already leave?
Why are you still here?
I was looking for Xuan Wu.
Wait, no... That's not the point!
Why are you dressed like that?
I'm cosplaying. Don't mind me.
Were we in ancient China?
No, you're seeing things.
I saw everything!
That was ancient China.
Why is it daytime now?
Is that an "Anywhere Door"?
I'll send you back right now.
I get it.
Last night wasn't a dream.
We really did go to
ancient China yesterday.
Who are you?
If you don't tell me, I'll...
Put that down.
I'll tell you.
First time anyone's ever
tried to threaten me like that.
Sorry.
All right. Talk.
It is ancient times out there,
but I'm not from the past.
This isn't some "Anywhere Door."
It's a time elevator.
A time elevator?
(Year 3078)
(To you,)
(I'm someone from the future.)
(The 31st century.)
(Humanity's gone through
several major technological leaps.)
(Without leaving home,)
(you can go anywhere you want)
(and get anything you want.)
(Nutrient supplements)
(have replaced meals.)
(No need to think about)
(what to eat every day.)
(All information)
(is instantly accessible.)
(AI can answer)
(any question.)
(Some people embrace these changes,)
(but I just feel empty)
(and bored.)
(It even became unbearable.)
(Human connection)
(turned optional.)
(It's as if we were inside
a prison of virtual information.)
(Historical Tour of Luoyang,
Capital of Eastern Han)
(So...)
(I started studying the past.)
(Some things can only)
(be found there.)
(Back then,)
(I worked as a historic city planner.)
(During a job,)
(I discovered)
(an unregistered time elevator.)
(Time travel)
(was a major breakthrough for humanity.)
(With a time elevator,)
(you can go to any point in the past.)
(All time travel is supervised)
(by the Time Administration.)
(Log in
to the Time Administration network?)
(I should've)
(reported my discovery)
(to them.)
(But all I wanted then)
(was to escape that cage of an era.)
Terribly sorry.
I apologize.
Make way!
Have you seen a young man?
Not very old.
Not short.
He looks...
Well, he's not ugly.
Have you seen him?
- No.
What about you?
Anyone who knows where he is
will be generously rewarded.
Let's go.
Thank you.
Please accept this.
You don't want it?
I have no need for it.
Where are you from?
Very far away.
You truly value each word
as if it were gold.
Well then,
I suppose we've met.
We have.
Pleasure to make your acquaintance.
So you used
this high-tech thing
to go to ancient China,
and you met your good friend there.
Then, you kept traveling
between different times with it.
And finally,
you used it
to come here.
Then, why does
your spaceship...
It's a time elevator.
Your time elevator.
Why does it look like
an antique shop?
As a time traveler,
I need an identity.
Being the owner of Yashe
works for me.
Every antique inside
has its own story.
They've carried years of history,
unheard by anyone.
And you wrote
that sign out front, too.
I'm really not that friend
you're talking about.
But I do
understand missing someone.
I used to feel lonely all the time too.
I've always wanted
a close friend.
Forget it.
I owe you an apology.
I thought something was wrong
with your head.
So what are we doing here now?
We?
Yeah.
I'm already here.
I might as well take a look.
It's not my first time anyway.
I've got an important task to handle.
I can't take you.
You definitely should take me.
I can help.
And I'm great at keeping secrets.
I won't tell anyone.
Your memory hasn't fully recovered yet.
If you go, it could cause trouble.
I'll send you back.
(I can't go unless I have my memories.)
(Lin's Tea House)
Wait.
Isn't there a tea stall outside?
With a big sign that says tea?
See?
Maybe I can remember something.
If you take me out
to walk around
and see things,
I might remember more.
(This is the era Ziyi was in,)
(but not the capital where he lived.)
(We could avoid causing trouble)
(and help him recover his memory.)
Fine.
But you have to promise me.
Time traveling isn't a game.
Every action matters.
No problem. Let's go!
Hold your horses.
What's this?
Think of it as a changing room.
A changing room?
There aren't even any clothes here.
Stand on it.
Put your hands on it.
Remember. Don't move.
Don't move.
I said don't move.
(Name: Su Beilu, Gender: Male)
(Yashe)
These robes are too big for me.
Your outfit fits you better.
I told you not to move,
and you moved anyway.
Just make do.
Stay with me at all times.
No running off.
What is it you need to do?
I'm retrieving a mirror.
All right. If you need help,
just say the word.
The shoes are big, too.
You'll just have to endure it,
Dr. Su.
Don't call me Dr. Su.
I'm not a doctor yet.
Just call me Su Beilu.
My surname's Su. My given name's Beilu.
Bei for north.
Lu, as in land.
Your etiquette's all wrong.
We don't want
to draw attention.
(Mutton Offal Soup)
This is amazing.
(Chisha Town)
Sir, care for a drink?
This is freshly brewed grape wine.
I haven't got any money on me.
They had grape wine in ancient times?
- I've treated you to some.
- Grape wine.
Freshly brewed grape wine.
I think I remember something.
Miss, have a taste.
Freshly brewed grape wine.
Something smells good.
Like barbecue.
(Grilled Meat)
Lamb skewers!
Grilled skewers!
They had grilled skewers
back then, too?
They even had hot pot.
People here play Chinese chess too.
That's called Liubo Chess.
I know all this feels new
and fascinating to you,
but you promised you wouldn't run off
or...
leave my sight.
Su Beilu!
Horse riding is fun!
Faster!
Please accept this money as an apology.
Your horse wasn't startled, was it?
Forget it.
If your master weren't so reasonable,
I'd have reported you!
Don't let me see you again!
Terribly sorry.
Bizhi!
Bizhi.
Untie me.
It's tied so tight.
I know I was wrong.
It's my first time here.
I was just too curious.
I saw the horse
and couldn't help myself.
But I won't do it again.
Can you untie me, please?
You've got amnesia.
I understand.
But time travel has rules.
You can't just do whatever you want.
So I'm laying down three ground rules.
First.
No more conflicts with anyone,
and no causing trouble
or drawing attention.
Second. Don't interfere
with other people's lives,
and you don't change anyone's fate.
Third.
No matter what happens,
you don't leave my sight
without my permission.
Is that clear?
Crystal.
Say it back to me.
First,
no getting into conflicts.
Second, don't change
other people's lives.
Third, I have to listen
to you in everything.
I remember all of it.
Pinky promise.
Thanks.
Bizhi!
Don't be mad anymore.
Aren't you looking for a mirror?
I'll help you find it.
The general's back!
The general has returned!
Come look!
The general's back!
General Li has returned!
It's General Li!
Let me see!
(Li Yansheng,
General of Valiant Cavalry)
General Li is incredible!
What a man!
This just got complicated.
What do you mean?
The thing I need is on his armor.
I remember something round on his chest.
That's the Fish-patterned Mirror.
Isn't that his chest mirror?
It's part of his armor.
It's his equipment.
It's their version
of a bulletproof vest.
It's there to save his life.
How could he give that to you?
Must you take it?
I must.
But...
They're already gone.
Let's split up and gather some intel.
Here.
Thanks.
General Li is known
as General Windrider.
(When the men stop, the horses don't.)
- Move out!
- Yes, sir!
(Cavalry)
Do you know
why the Windrider Battalion is so fast?
Each soldier
has two horses
and switches between them.
(So the horses don't need
as much rest.)
On this expedition,
they encountered the enemy.
But General Li
outsmarted them.
General, there's no one there.
No one?
Instead, General Li surrounded them.
(And most importantly,)
he is the general of the Windriders.
You can't catch him even if you try.
Su Beilu.
The locals say there's a victory banquet
for the Windrider Battalion tonight.
We'll use that chance to try
to get an audience with him.
Let's go.
- Great!
Mr. Yang.
Word is that General Li
secured another victory.
Congratulations are in order.
We're here to celebrate his victory.
I've long admired
General Li's reputation.
I brought a few jars of fine liquor
to present to him.
General Li's orders are
to leave them here.
- We were hoping to...
- Much appreciated.
(Chen Wu, Lieutenant General)
Please be seated.
And you are?
I've long admired General Li.
He returned victorious
with a resounding triumph.
We prepared a small gift
and hoped to present it personally.
No need.
Leave it here.
All right.
So stingy.
He won't even meet us
while we're offering gifts.
General Li's notoriously direct
and never cared for social niceties.
Every time he wins,
he celebrates only with his soldiers.
It's already fortunate we got in.
- Great!
Finally get to try authentic
ancient Chinese food.
- Where are you going?
- I'm bringing liquor to the general.
You can't go up there.
Don't you know the rules?
A toast to you, General Li.
We'll find
a chance
to drink with him, too.
But he's leaving.
Great!
Follow him.
Is he admiring himself in the mirror?
Even a general can be that into himself?
Right.
Look.
They're celebrating.
Our men fought hard this time.
Never thought it'd go so well this time.
I think he's talking to the mirror.
Yao, it's too noisy here.
I couldn't hear clearly.
What did you say to remember?
Behind you!
General!
Are you all right?
Take this spy away.
Yes, sir. Take him away!
Thank you both for what you just did.
Thank you.
Did you obtain this mirror
by chance on the Huaishui Battlefield?
Yes.
I must be frank.
This mirror belonged
to a friend of mine.
No matter the circumstances,
I must ask that you return it to me.
This mirror is extremely important
to me.
It once saved my life.
Please return it.
General,
the spy has confessed.
Maybe you should reconsider?
- We came all this way...
- Say no more.
There has been a situation.
I must take my leave.
Farewell.
I swear I heard
a woman's voice coming from the mirror.
So what do we do now?
Didn't you say you like riding horses?
Then let's ride to our heart's content.
(General, we learned from interrogating
the assassin last night)
(that the enemy plans
to attack Mo City.)
(Qingshan Garments)
(We'll assemble the troops overnight)
(and set out to intercept them.)
Wang De! Wang Ling!
- Yes, sir.
Lead a squad of Windriders
alongside me.
We'll scout their movements.
- Yes, sir.
- Chen Wu.
You lead the main force
down the central route
and head for Mo City at full speed.
Sir, let me be the advance...
That's an order.
Sir...
I know what you're going to say.
I trust you with the troops.
Besides, you've got elders to care for
and kids to raise.
Leave this to me.
General,
take care.
Move out!
- Yes, sir!
Bizhi! Bizhi, wait!
Stop!
This is worse than carsickness...
Is this horse sickness?
Here.
Eat this.
I think I ate too much breakfast.
It's so sour.
Feel better now?
Yeah, a lot better.
Wait here.
No way.
I said I'd help you.
I've been mooching
off you this whole trip.
I can't just leave you on your own.
You should think this through.
We won't be riding horses
beyond this point.
That's great.
I'll be fine as long as no horses
are involved.
Come on!
Are we there yet?
Let's stop here.
Great.
I can't walk anymore.
So why are
we here anyway?
Waiting for General Li.
You still haven't given up?
Didn't he make it clear
he won't give it to you?
Pushing it more wouldn't be good.
And how do you even know he'll come?
He's going to fight a battle here today.
This is the highest ground.
From here, you can see
the entire battlefield.
I see.
You're from the future.
That makes you some kind of prophet
to the people in the past.
Can you tell me
if I'll pass
the veterinary licensing exam?
I'm not a fortune teller.
And besides, if you really are Ziyi,
you wouldn't need
to take any exams anymore.
True.
Still, that ability
of yours can be handy.
If I had it,
life would be a lot easier.
So what about this battle?
Does General Li win or lose?
He'll die here.
We're just going to let him die?
Victory and defeat are part of war.
For those who live on the battlefield,
life and death were set aside long ago.
Winning the battle is what matters.
He's here.
We have to save them!
We can't save him.
Fixed points in time can't be changed.
That's a rule of time travel.
And...
when you came here...
Stop!
General Li, please stop!
You can't go any farther!
There's danger ahead!
You again!
General Li,
if you
keep going, you'll die!
How dare you!
Wait.
You're a strange one.
You don't really seem
like a spy.
Talk.
What exactly are you after?
I'm just trying to warn you.
The people in the city adore you.
You're a good man.
I don't want you to die in vain.
Nonsense.
I'm in the army.
My life and death are decided by fate.
Even if I were to die,
why should I fear it?
That may be true,
but you're still so young.
You should die for a worthy cause.
Untie me!
Don't go!
Stop!
Is anyone there?
Help! Please help me!
It's tied so tight.
Didn't you promise
you wouldn't
act on your own?
Didn't I just tell you
events in history can't be changed?
What do you think you're doing?
Shouldn't we at least try?
You can try by yourself.
I'm sorry. I was wrong.
Please untie me.
It's really cutting in.
I'm sorry. I really am.
Please help me!
Report!
Enemy forces spotted 1.5 km ahead.
One unit is heading toward Mo City.
Another is moving southeast.
Southeast? That's Chen Wu's route.
General, Mo City has no defenses.
If the enemy reaches it first,
the consequences will be disastrous.
General, we only have one unit.
(We have to split our forces
no matter what.)
(I'll draw away the enemy
going after Chen Wu.)
- Wang De.
- Yes, sir.
Do you remember the route to Mo City?
Of course.
Good.
Then I'm entrusting these men to you.
What about you?
I have my own plan.
Men!
I hereby order you,
even if it costs your lives,
to hold Mo City
until Chen Wu arrives.
That's an order!
- Yes, sir!
Report!
Enemy troops ahead.
It's Li Yansheng's unit.
Could it be...
Excellent.
After them!
Capture Li Yansheng
and you'll be richly rewarded!
Li Yansheng,
we meet again.
That's...
General Li.
I thought they were the main force.
How dare they trick us!
Seize him!
The outcome's already decided.
Nothing you do will change it.
Don't put yourself in danger.
Come at me!
The Windrider Battalion
would rather die than surrender!
(Mo City)
(Chen Wu,)
(the fate of Mo City)
(is in your hands.)
(Mo City)
Did I do something wrong?
Is that why I couldn't save Li Yansheng?
No matter what you said or did,
Li Yansheng was destined
to die in this battle.
I won't be getting
the Fish-patterned Mirror back.
I'll go down and look with you.
The water below the cliff is raging.
Finding the mirror
is impossible.
Li Yansheng was meant
to die on the mountain road.
But because you interfered,
you affected their march.
You didn't change his fate,
but you changed where he died.
I'm sorry.
(Yashe)
(Days Pass and Months Go By)
I'm changed.
Did you remember anything?
Remember what?
Your memories.
So much has happened
these past few days.
I need time to process it.
I'm going back to rest.
You should turn in early too.
It's already the morning
of our second day back.
It's 8 :00 AM?
I need to go to work.
Do you
still have a chance
to recover the Fish-patterned Mirror?
We'll wait.
In the vast flow of time,
it'll turn up eventually.
I'm sure you'll get it back soon.
Good luck!
Good luck.
Wait!
I remember something.
Do you remember
that on the day Li Yansheng
was assassinated,
there was a woman
speaking from inside the mirror?
Can we find her?
(Days Pass and Months Go By)
(Year 2018)
(Nanyu City)
(Madam, you need to be prepared.)
(Her condition has
worsened significantly.)
(I'm sorry, Mom.)
(The treatment isn't working.)
(She may)
(never stand again.)
Who are you?
Why are you crying here?
You actually found that girl's address.
Where does she live again?
Building 3, unit 502.
Is it okay for you
to skip work
and come with me?
Don't worry. I saved up a ton of leave.
Might as well use it.
Come take a look!
Something's happened up ahead!
What's going on?
Go back inside!
Go inside!
Don't jump!
It's dangerous!
Go back!
No way...
One, two, three, four, five.
It's on the fifth floor.
This isn't good.
Isn't that His daughter?
- Yes.
- She's been sick for so long.
She wouldn't be thinking
of jumping, would she?
It's dangerous for her
to be out there. Call 110!
You're inside the bronze mirror.
Are you a ghost?
Am I hallucinating?
You.
How did you die?
I...
I'm not dead.
I just don't want to be
a burden on my mom anymore.
You mean
you want to end your own life?
Are you dead too?
Are...
Are you a ghost?
I can't die!
The frontier isn't secured.
My ambitions are unfinished.
(Huaishui Battlefield)
My reinforcements will arrive soon.
Stay and talk with me.
I can't die.
I have to live.
Dying isn't so bad.
It ends everything.
Silence!
Coward.
You've never been on a battlefield.
You don't understand
how precious it is to stay alive.
Only by living
is there hope.
Once you're dead...
Once you're dead, there's nothing left.
Yao!
What are you doing out there?
Get back inside!
Don't do it, Yao!
I'll be right there!
Please don't do it!
Yao!
- Come on!
- I'm coming!
Get inside!
If I die...
If I die, there'll be nothing left...
Without me,
my mom has nothing...
Be careful!
Hang on!
Hurry, ma'am!
The key!
Hold on!
Don't give up!
Help!
Just... just a little more!
- Hold on!
- Yao!
Yao!
Help!
Hold on!
They got her.
Thank you...
Thank you so much...
It was He's daughter.
That was a close call.
- Thanks to that guy.
- Yes.
The one upstairs in black.
- Dropped right from the sky.
Yes.
They're singing your praises.
You broke our deal again.
You saved her, too.
I did it to save you.
Well, it was an emergency.
I mean, look at the poor thing.
She can't even move her legs.
What if she snapped
and actually jumped? Then what?
We're here for
the Fish-patterned Mirror.
Oh, right.
Where's the mirror?
It was in her room.
So why didn't you grab it?
Yes, why didn't I?
Were we supposed to steal or rob?
We've got the Yashe anyway.
There's always next time.
Get some sleep.
Mom.
Can you
sleep with me tonight?
Of course.
Mom...
I'm sorry...
Yao,
it's time to get up.
♪Flickering candles
scatter shadows by the window♪
♪The bronze mirror catches
a wedding gown meant to be sent away♪
♪Magnolias in bloom, a dream cut short♪
♪One love, one daring play♪
♪Someone covets you♪
♪Someone dreams of taking you♪
♪But my heart's never wavered♪
♪In the gold-lit wreckage of daylight,
I gather our moments♪
♪My breath lifts the dust
from your skin♪
♪My gaze slips into
the cracks of your glaze♪
♪My palm brushes the rust of your past♪
♪Time's tempest hides our secrets♪
♪As the sun rises and the moon sets♪
♪Flickering candles
scatter shadows by the window♪
♪The bronze mirror catches a wedding
gown meant to be sent away♪
♪Magnolias in bloom, a dream cut short♪
♪One love, one daring play♪
♪Someone covets you♪
♪Someone dreams of taking you♪
♪But my heart's never wavered♪
♪In the gold-lit wreckage of daylight,
I gather our moments♪
♪My breath lifts the dust
from your skin♪
♪My gaze slips into
the cracks of your glaze♪
♪My palm brushes the rust of your past♪
♪We hide and seek within the story♪
♪Your name alone sets my pulse racing♪
♪I ride my steed across the battlefield,
a poem I recite for you♪
♪Moonlight kisses
the jade shaped by longing♪
♪Let the years stay
right where they are♪
♪The truth's been fragile
as a cicada's wing all along♪